Pact lang api cookbook (#21)
kadena-community/docs: docs/build/frontend/pact-lang-api-cookbook.md

---
title: Pact-lang-API Cookbook
description: Common use cases for `pact-lang-api`
---

import PageRef from '@components/PageRef'
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Pact-Lang-API Cookbook

> Common use cases for `pact-lang-api`

---

## Overview

| Name | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| **ACCOUNTS**  | |
| [Create Account](#create-account) | Create a KDA account. |
| [Create And Fund Account](#create-and-fund-account) | Create and fund a KDA account.|
| [Rotate Keys](#rotate-keys) | Update the keyset controlling the account.|
| [Get Balance](#get-balance) | Get the KDA account balance. |
| **TRANSACTIONS**  | |
| [Get Transaction Status](#get-transaction-status) | Get transaction status using tx request key. |
| **UTILS**  | |
| [Deploy contract](#deploy-contract) | Deploy a Pact smart contract. |
| [Read State](#read-state) | Read state of a contract. |
| [Verify Signature](#verify-signature) | Verify a key pair signature. |

:::tip

> For convenience you can also find these scripts in this repository **( TODO: Insert repo link )**.

Author: ```suggestion
For convenience you can also find these scripts in [repository](https://github.com/raduciobanu22/pact-lang-api-cookbook).
```
